>> Estelle Weyl: So
next we have color hints.
So so
far I've been giving you color stops and
each color stop has been
associated with a color.
But you can actually say where do you
want that gradient midpoint to be?
So every gradient so far has been
a midpoint between two color stops, right?
Or everything has grown gradually,
linearly, no switch in flow.
It's not like it's easing in.
You can actually change where
that midpoint is and define it.
You can use any length unit,
the percent is relative to the image size,
not to the area between the two points.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
let's just look at these.
So the first one is going
Rebecca purple at the 0% mark
to pale golden
>> Estelle Weyl: And
they all are going,
these are not editable.
These are all to the right, right?
So it's good from rebeccapurple on
the left to palegoldenrod on the right.
>> Estelle Weyl: The second
one is going rebeccapurple,
at the 50% mark is the midpoint.
And then it's going to pale golden run.
There's a slight difference between these
two images but you probably can't see it.
It eases in or
it eases around the 50% mark.
It's not obvious enough to see.
The next one says linear gradient
rebeccapurple, 20%, palegoldenrod.
The midpoint between these two colors,
between the purple and
the yellow, is here at the 20% mark.
So this color right here,
you're gonna find it right here.
And this one says,
make it at the 80% mark.
So the midpoint is right there.
Hard to tell, I know.
So let's look at it slightly differently.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so
here I have two linear gradients.
They both start with red, orange,
yellow, green, blue and then purple.
The red is at this zero mark, the orange
is at the 20vh mark, the yellow is at
the 40, the green is at the 60, the blue
is at the 80 and the purple is at 100.
Same thing here, red, orange 20,
yellow 40, green 60, blue 80,
and then purple 100.
The difference is I put
these gradient stops in.
Since I put zero, the zero is actually
this point here and so it breaks it.
Basically, it does that thing where
it's like, you didn't go in order?
But I could have done,
>> Estelle Weyl: 20vh,
40vh, 60vh, 80vh.
>> Estelle Weyl: So that's the same
effect as giving hard color stops.
So instead of saying, repeating all those
color stops, you can just give a hint and
say I want the midpoint to be
the start of the next color.
So here I'm saying go from red to orange,
from the 0% to the 20% mark and
I want the midpoint of the gradient
to be at the 20% mark,
which is exactly where
the orange is declared.
And it's going from orange at the 20
vh mark to yellow at the 40 vh mark.
But I want the gradient midpoint between
the orange and yellow to be at the 40 vh
mark which is the exact same
point as where the yellow starts.
If you wanna do a little bit of
a gradient between hard stops,
you could just do 18,
>> Estelle Weyl: 58
>> Estelle Weyl: 78.
And so you have a teeny bit of
a gradient in between these things, and
I missed the one here which would be
>> Estelle Weyl: 98.
There, so I have a little bit
of a gradient between them.
This is so ugly,
I'm really good at making things ugly.
And this is supposed to be 18, okay.
So color stops make sense?
Do you wanna play with this for
like 30 seconds?
>> Estelle Weyl: And
next we'll go on to direction.
Let's play with it and
we'll give you 30 seconds and then-
>> Speaker 2: Like a comma between the red
and the 18 vh.
>> Estelle Weyl: So the red is 0vh.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, got you.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
the purple is 100vh, so
you do see a tiny bit of purple
in the bottom way down here.
And here, this would be if I had
just done a gradient with no,
if I remove all of these color stops,
>> Estelle Weyl: I
mean color enhance rather.
Those two look exactly the same, right?
And there I put them back in.
So it's basically saying,
before you would just have color stops and
then you had to mathematically figure out,
if you didn't want the midpoint to be
at the 50% mark between two colors.
Now you can basically say,
>> Estelle Weyl: You
can basically say where
between those two color stops?
One thing to note, though, is note that
I did not say 50% for all of these.
It's not the mark between the two
color points that you're,
it's not like which percentage
between those two color stops.
50% of the way, or 25% of the way,
it's from the zero mark.
So every single one of
these color hints starts
from this point right here,
it starts at the zero mark.
So when I say 78 viewport heights or
78% of viewport height, it is right there.